#summary Feature proposals for 2.1 release.

= Features =

  * ~~Provide option to allow installation of {{{Stripes Reload}}} extension.~~
  * Provide auto-complete of proper class names within {{{param-values}}} sub tags of Stripes filter configuraiton parameters in {{{web.xml}}} _is is really important ? :)_
  * If {{{ActionResolver.Packages}}} is configured auto-complete variants of {{{beanclass}}} attributes in stripes custom tags should be limited only by those packages. _kinda important feature but supposedly needs a lot of work_
  * detect if spring support is configured from web.xml not from facet setting. _i suppose this should be removed as useless_
  * auto-complete of {{{label}}}, {{{value}}} and {{{sort}}} attributes in {{{options-collection}}} tags. _this need resolve of EL variable class to get its methods_
  * auto-complete of {{{label}}}, {{{value}}} and {{{sort}}} attributes in {{{options-map}}} tags. _this need resolve of EL variable class to get its methods_
  * improve support for {{{sort}}}, {{{label}}} attributes in {{{stripes:options-enumeration}}} by nested properties support
  * improve support of setter references. now only setter methods are resolved in HTML tags etc, but Stripes actually allows getters and even properties.
  * ~~Better support of JSTL in {{{expression}}} attribute of {{{@Validate}}} annotation. This means that this should be available and all auto-completion should work.~~
  * {{{[STS-629]}}} - The "field-metadata" tag should provide the "on" property value